# Introduction

Famous Valorant streamer Tarik (former CS:GO pro player) was upset playing competitive mode in Valorant while live-streaming on Twitch. Some of his teammates were repetitively in his games and did not perform on the level expected from their rank. Later on he was convinced that he was being queue-sniped[^QS] and stream-sniped[^SS] because of a new dark sensation called crypto-throwing. Tarik decided to create a Discord server called Pro City with pro Valorant players and other players he trusted to build a third-party matchmaking system. For Discord matchmaking he chose a famous bot called NeatQueue which is currently serving over 3000 servers with total of 135640 players thanks to its robustness and flexibility across games. Because of previously listed features, NeatQueue is not optimized for Valorant matchmaking and especially for Pro City needs. For this reason I chose to create a Discord Bot optimized for needs of Pro City to ensure fast queues and maximum enjoyment not only for players, but also for viewers of players' streams.

[^QS]: Queue-sniping is intentionally queue in the same time on the same game mode, server to get certain player in a same game. This can be done by observing the player by watching player's stream.
[^SS]: Stream-sniping is abusing the fact, that an enemy player streams the game from player's perspective, hence the stream-sniper can get external information unwanted by the game design. For this reason, then stream-sniper gets and uses this advantage against the streamer's team.
